Do not skip nullable flag in GeoReference (#13239)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Fixed an issue that caused queries reading values of type ``BIT`` to return a
  wrong result if the query contains a ``WHERE`` clause ``pk_col = ?``
  condition.

> - Fixed an issue that caused ignoring ``NOT NULL`` constraint on ``GEO_SHAPE``

Author: Not sure whether losing flag in `DocIndexMetadata` has more serious consequnce: insert(null) throws "must not be null" exception as expected due to early validation.

- Fixed an issue that caused queries reading values of type ``BIT`` to return a
  wrong result if the query contains a ``WHERE`` clause ``pk_col = ?``
  condition.

> - Fixed an issue that caused ignoring ``NOT NULL`` constraint on ``GEO_SHAPE``
>   columns in ``SHOW CREATE TABLE`` statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented ``NOT NULL`` constraints on ``GEO_SHAPE``
  columns from showing up in ``SHOW CREATE TABLE`` statements.
```
